Add project status page and create overview section (#183)
freedomofpress/securedrop-workstation-docs: docs/general/status.rst

SecureDrop Workstation Project Status
=====================================

SecureDrop Workstation is currently in active development, and has not yet
had a stable release.

> The 1.0.0 general availability release is tentatively planned for TBD.

Reviewer: Is the `TBD` placeholder to be updated (a) before this is published or (b) at a later date?

Author: The intention is for (a), I just wanted to be careful and not publicly commit to time frame that we don't feel comfortable about.

Freedom of the Press Foundation has operated a pilot program with a limited
number of organizations whose environments were especially well-suited for
early testing of the Workstation. This pilot program is now closed. No new
pilot participants will be considered or accepted, and current pilot

> participants can expect to transiton to the standard support experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participants can expect to transition to the standard support experience
```

> before the general availability release is made available later this year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before the general availability release is made available later in 2024.
```

Is SecureDrop Workstation right for you?
----------------------------------------

Until SecureDrop Workstation reaches general availability, we would
recommend against using it in production environments (outside of users
who have already installed it as part of the pilot program).

That said, the project is entirely open source, and you can install it
independently if you want to get a feel for how it all works. 

If you're a journalist or news organization trying to decide if this is right for you, please note that SecureDrop Workstation should only be used
by organizations that meet the following criteria:

* You have an existing SecureDrop Server in place
* You have fewer than 500 Sources on the Server

> * You typically only interact with .PDF, .DOC, and .JPG files via your

Reviewer 2: Seeing uppercase file extensions is weird, would, e.g.` ``.pdf`` ` be better?

  SecureDrop
* You have a functional *Secure Viewing Station* to fall back on

If you do not meet the criteria above, you are likely to run into
difficulties or frustrating experiences using the Workstation, and should
consider waiting until it is more mature.

.. warning::
   In its current state, if you have more than 500 Sources on your server
   you **will** experience significant performance issues using SecureDrop
   Workstation that may hinder your ability to use it at any functional
   level.

Do you still need a Tails-based *Secure Viewing Station*?
---------------------------------------------------------

For now, yes. There are still circumstances where the SecureDrop Workstation
may not be able to retreive or show submissions. The main instances are
either in situations where there are a substantial number of sources or
submissions stored on the SecureDrop server, or in instances were you are
trying to open a file type that the Workstation is not yet equipped to handle.

Once SecureDrop Workstation is more mature, you will be able to use it to view
most submissions, but for now, having the *Secure Viewing Station* available
as a backup is imperative.

> Roadmap and Timeline

Reviewer 2: tbh this seems like something better as a news post on securedrop.org instead of in the docs where it will be shown as at a specific point in time rather than something that keeps changing and needs updating. E.g. when is "next three-to-six months"?

Author: Thanks @legoktm, based on this comment and feedback from the team, I have removed this section. I decided to link to the roadmap on the SD GitHub wiki, but if the news post is better I can swap that out.
